command: 
git remote 
(show the available remotes)

git remote add remote_name url 

to verify: 
git remote -v
v(verbose)


git push remote_name branchName_to_push


When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?
When I have many people working on the project.


Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

I'm not sure why, maybe because we might have things that we don't need. conflicts that we need to take care of.

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use one instead of another?

fork vs clone: 
they are the same except that clone copies repository to local machine from github or from local machine to local machine, fork copies respository to another github account because we don't have permission to change original content so we have to copy it. fork keeps track of how many people forked your repository as well as offer a way to suggest changes to the original repository.

branch can be used on local machine when we have new feature to work on.


git remote -v
shows where your remote is pointing


locally we have master and origin/master. 
whenever we clone a repository from github, we automatically get a 
remote called origin. 

when we make a commit locally, master gets updated but origin/master 
is not updated. 

git pull origin master = git fetch origin
						 git merge master origin/master

git fetch origin: 
updates all the local copies of every branch from the origin remote.

we can inspect the local copies by running: git log origin/master
										or: git diff origin/master master


What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?

So that I can work on my version locally and know how much change has happened with respect to the github origin. 


How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be easier, and what would be harder?

collaborating without Git or GitHub would be harder, I have to save many copies of my code if I'm not using Git and it would be harder. I can see now how GitHub is really powerful for collaborating my code with others, it makes it easier to make changes to my code and submit these changes to other people using GitHub, they can easily see what changes I've made and they can decide to incorporate my changes while making sure that everything will still work. 
